Transliteration:
yatra kāle tvanāvṛittim āvṛittiṁ chaiva yoginaḥprayātā yānti taṁ kālaṁ vakṣhyāmi bharatarṣhabhaagnir jyotir ahaḥ śhuklaḥ ṣhaṇ-māsā uttarāyaṇamtatra prayātā gachchhanti brahma brahma-vido janāḥdhūmo rātris tathā kṛiṣhṇaḥ ṣhaṇ-māsā dakṣhiṇāyanamtatra chāndramasaṁ jyotir yogī prāpya nivartateśhukla-kṛiṣhṇe gatī hyete jagataḥ śhāśhvate mateekayā yātyanāvṛittim anyayāvartate punaḥ

Translation:
BG 8.23-26:
                            I shall now describe to you the different paths of passing away from this world, O best of the Bharatas, one of which leads to liberation and the other leads to rebirth.  Those who know the Supreme Brahman and who depart from this world, during the six months of the sun’s northern course, the bright fortnight of the moon, and the bright part of the day, attain the supreme destination.  The practitioners of Vedic rituals, who pass away during the six months of the sun’s southern course, the dark fortnight of the moon, the time of smoke, the night, attain the celestial abodes.  After enjoying celestial pleasures, they again return to the earth.  These two, bright and dark paths, always exist in this world.  The way of light leads to liberation and the way of darkness leads to rebirth.

Commentary:
In these verses, Shree Krishna continues to answer the question Arjun had asked in verse 8.2, “How can one be united with God at the time of death?”Shree Krishna explains that there are two paths—the path of light or the path of darkness. Although these statements may seem cryptic, they present an effective allegory to explain spiritual concepts using the contrasting themes: light and darkness. Where light; is symbolic to knowledge and darkness; is for ignorance.The bright daylight, the moonlit fortnight of śhuklaḥ or the bright ascending moon, and the uttaraayan, the northern course of the sun, are all considered the time of light. The God-conscious souls; who detach from worldly attachments and depart by the path of light (knowledge and discrimination) attain God. They are liberated from the wheel of samsara, the cycle of life and death, and reach the divine Abode of God.The ignorant souls who are attached to the world remain entangled in the bodily concept of life. They forget their relationship with God. Such souls depart by the path of darkness. Hence, continue to rotate in the cycle of life and death. However, those who may have undertaken some Vedic rituals, as its fruit, go to the celestial abodes. But this position is also part of the material world, thus temporary. When their merits are exhausted, they have to return to earth. Ultimately all humans born on earth, upon death, have to pass along either of the two paths, the path of light or the path of darkness. It is their karmas that decide which path they would take eventually.