Transliteration:
nihatya dhārtarāṣhṭrān naḥ kā prītiḥ syāj janārdanapāpam evāśhrayed asmān hatvaitān ātatāyinaḥtasmān nārhā vayaṁ hantuṁ dhārtarāṣhṭrān sa-bāndhavān sva-janaṁ hi kathaṁ hatvā sukhinaḥ syāma mādhava

Translation:
BG 1.36-37:
                            O Maintainer of all living entities, what pleasure will we derive from killing the sons of Dhritarasthra? Even though they may be aggressors, sin will certainly come upon us if we slay them. Hence, it does not behoove us to kill our own cousins, the sons of Dhritarashtra, and friends. O Madhav (Krishna), how can we hope to be happy by killing our own kinsmen?

Commentary:
Similar to the previous verses, Arjun continues to explicate his unwillingness to kill his relatives by using the words “even though” again. Addressing Shree Krishna as Janardhana, sustainer of the populace, he said, “Even though I am aware that they are willing to attack us, I feel it would be a sin to kill my uncle Dhritarashtra’s sons.”Then addressing him as Madhav, Goddess Lakshmi’s husband, Arjun said, “It is not proper on our part to kill our cousins and relatives, how can we ever be happy by doing such a deed?”Under most circumstances killing or taking someone’s life is considered a grave sin, which subsequently causes guilt and repentance.   The Vedas state: mā hinsyāt sarvā bhūtāni “Do not kill any living being.” Unless absolutely necessary in an extreme situation, violence in any form is a sin and non-violence a superior virtue. In Arjun’s case, even though the enemy’s wrong deeds were unpardonable, he was not willing to kill them considering it to be immoral.  However, according to Vasiṣhṭh Smṛiti (verse 3.19) under six circumstances it is acceptable to kill; in order to protect themselves from such enemies who have: set fire to their property, tried to poison them, conspired to murder, loot their wealth, kidnap or dishonor their women, or seize their kingdom.  Even the Manu Smṛiti (8.351) mentions that it is not considered a sin if someone kills an attacker in self-defense.